TATEANA CITY, MARIUS HILLS
[breathing heavily]
This is the spot where my dad passed away.
[Touya] Yeah. My mom and dad too.
-Huh? Who is that?
-[gasps]
[high-pitched echoing]
I'm not gonna give you any more chances
to convince that comet
not to strike the earth.
EPISODE 5: A STORY ENDS
[Taiyou] Why are you doing this?
Humankind will be wiped out completely.
You're wrong. The comet has to hit Earth
or else humans will be wiped out.
Nasa, please. What are you doing?
I'm just following
what you're always saying, Mayor.
I'm thinking about humanity.
And believe me,
I've given this a lot of consideration.
I'm sorry, Chief,
but I'm destroying this drone.
[both grunt, groan]
What are you doing, you perv?
-I'm sorry.
-Be careful, Taiyou.
I have a gun,
and I'm just dying to use it on you.
[shouting nervously]
Seriously, kids these days
don't know how to treat a--
-[screams]
-[Touya] Konoha, run!
[gasps]
LARGEST IMPACT CRATER ON MARS
[groaning]
[Nasa] Touya, not you too.
How dare you treat the injured like this?
[groans, sucks teeth]
Okay, everyone.
Can we please stop all the games?
-Thank goodness. It's not broken.
-[Nasa] You can't win against me.
Even if I restart it,
I still need a connecting cable.
It's the only way to talk to the comet.
This is so annoying.
Everything would've ended
if I destroyed Dakky.
What should I do?
Oh, I have an idea.
If I destroy the antenna,
they can't connect to the comet.
This should about seal their fate.
RECORDING: OFF-LINE
Hmm?
[both gasp]
-Uh, hi there. What's up?
-[spluttering]
Nasa is accessing the Kibo Module.
She's gonna destroy the ICS antenna.
Nasa! You idiot!
What are you trying to accomplish anyway?
I always thought you were dumb,
but now I'm convinced
you are the dumbest person I ever--
[screams]
I can't believe she tried to shoot me!
I thought we were friends.
-[Hiroshi] Mina?
-What is it?
-I peed my pants a little.
-I did too.
I'm glad we're wearing diapers.
[Konoha groans]
-Konoha, are you all right?
-[whimpers] Mm-hmm.
Touya, Nasa's attempting to destroy
the ICS antenna--
Now I get it.
She's trying to destroy
the antenna that we need.
Nasa is connected to the ICS antenna.
Counter measures.
It's no use. She's using some kind
of unknown pathway to infiltrate--
-[Nasa] Hello? Testing, testing.
-[gasps]
Can everyone stop getting in the way?
This has all been predicted
by the Seven Poem.
Cut her off from any connections we have.
Damn it. I'm having a hard time connecting
because the peer comm
in the walls was infiltrated.
-[both panting]
-[Nasa] Seriously.
Let's stop all this running around
and useless resistance.
[Smart chimes]
Good. I'm connected.
Well, I already know the password.
You can't really do anything to stop me.
Uh, hey! What are you doing now? [groans]
This is another one of the reasons
why I hate kids.
She fried the peer comm in the wall.
Now that you don't have peer comm,
you can't annoy me anymore.
[grunts]
There's no peer comm,
so where's she attacking from?
Damn that Nasa.
I used to think she had a cool name
for someone who worked in space.
But for a terrorist, it stinks.
[Nasa] It's a fake name, dummy.
Mysterious super hackers
aren't named Nasa.
How did nobody think to question that?
[scoffs] Those fools.
They cut off all my connections.
If we don't reduce
the human population now,
the earth's environment will
eventually collapse and everyone will die.
I'm telling you.
There's no other way to save humanity.
Isn't it better if a third of people die
rather than everyone?
What kind of insane logic is that?
[Nasa] This is human kind's last chance.
Don't you get it?
The Seven Poem prophesized
all this years ago.
UN2 didn't believe
the poem from the beginning.
So they didn't decipher much of it.
REBOOT FAILED
But we, the members of John Doe,
believed in what Seven said.
So we successfully deciphered the poem.
Those who believe will be saved!
Damn it. Without peer comm,
I can't do anything.
[Nasa] That comet is made of
the same fourth-generation "S" Pattern
as Seven was.
We used that comet
to create another Seven,
-a better one.
-[Smart tapping]
Since the first Seven was called Seven,
from now on, we're going to call
the second comet Second Seven.
Second Seven?
[Nasa] Humankind wasn't able
to solve the climate crisis
or population problems they created.
So we had to depend
on a foreign entity like AI to save us.
The members of UN1 spent all their time
fighting over dominance,
taking away the future from us
and our descendants.
So 20 years ago, the elders
of our generation decided to change that
and created UN2.
But UN2 also became dysfunctional.
They disregarded our future,
and started limiting intelligence.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-The human brain evolved without a plan.
So it, too,
has been defective from the beginning.
Humans can't control our own intelligence.
To make up for that defect,
humans in ancient times created gods.
Humans need a god.
Technology negated the ancient gods.
But without them,
humans couldn't govern themselves.
So in the end,
a new god was created using technology.
Humans gave up the right to pass judgment
with the creation of their new god.
They can't take care of themselves,
much less the planet
without the god called AI.
Touya, are you listening?
I know you feel the same way as I do.
She's right.
I've been saying
the same thing that she's saying now.
I was wrong.
I never realized it before.
I didn't completely get
what it really meant,
that reducing the human population
meant killing people like Taiyou.
Touya.
What do I know? I'm just a stupid kid.
I fell for a conspiracy.
She's reconnecting the pathway we shut.
She's too fast. Great hacking skills.
That little liar always said
she was bad with computers.
[Uchinoura groans]
-I'm not gonna let her get away with this!
-What are you doing?
I'm going to take over
the 3D printer machine.
Anything you try is useless,
so don't waste--
[screams]
Wait. Uchinoura, how did you do that?
[grunts] Hey! That's dangerous!
Don't tell me you graduated
from Harvard just to become a boxer?
Hey, I'm using my fighting skills
to save humanity.
Oh yeah!
[Nasa grunts]
[groans]
I'll show you, meathead.
[adventurous music playing]
[both shout]
We're losing gravity!
[Nasa strains]
[gasps]
You like that?
You wanna fight rough? I'll fight rough.
Damn. She engaged the Active Brake.
[squawking]
[music continues]
[Nasa] Come on, Touya.
You and I were supposedly
on the same side once.
Are you just scared now?
Have you given up
on your conspiracy theory?
Is this the only future,
or was the Seven Poem wrong?
I don't know what to do.
[Konoha sighs deeply]
I don't have the right to stop Nasa,
or the strength.
I used to think
bringing Lunatic back was a good thing.
-Touya, no.
-Uh--
You wanted to bring back Lunatic
so it could fix my implant.
It wasn't because you wanted
to wipe out the earth.
You were trying to help me, not hurt them.
Uh…
That's right. It was the implant.
You might not say
the nicest things sometimes,
but I know you're just pretending.
-[sighs]
-You've always been in my life.
If anyone understands you by now,
I think it's me.
You're not the bad guy.
Konoha.
You have a great new tent
that includes all Earthlings from now on.
Like Taiyou and Mina. And Professor.
[sighs]
So let's make sure that comet
doesn't hit the earth.
Uh…
Uh, if you're confused, I was using
that word "tent" for the first time.
I'm not sure I used it the right way.
No. It was perfect.
Now let's stop Nasa.
We have to shut down Nasa's Smart
before she destroys the ICS antenna.
Taiyou, I hope you're listening too.
Taiyou.
The Seven Poem already knows the future,
and it can't be wrong.
-You know what they say. AI don't lie.
-[Taiyou] I need you to buy me some time.
[Nasa] But everything you believe
about UN2 is a lie.
REBOOT FAILED
[Taiyou] No. It was damaged
when I forced the main frames to merge.
If we were online, I could repair
this drone in a few minutes.
Come on now.
I'm a UN2-permitted White Hat Hacker.
I can do this. Show that terrorist.
-[Nasa] I heard that!
-[gasps]
Hurry up and hand over Dakky.
This is bad.
Wait, I know.
If I can't use peer comm, how about this?
HEAVEN'S VENGEANCE IS SLOW
BUT SURE
[Nasa] You know,
White Hat Hackers don't scare me much.
I mean, come on.
Even in the movies, the dark side
is usually stronger. [chuckles]
[gasps]
[lasers zapping]
Cut it out!
[screeches]
[groans]
Take that.
[gasps]
Not bad, Touya.
But it won't work. [grunts]
How come she can attack
without peer comm, and I can't? [exclaims]
I've enabled my Smart
to infiltrate every inch of Anshin.
Taiyou, not yet!
[birds screech]
Are you done resisting now?
Because that comet has a date with Earth,
and it's time for the big light show!
She just keeps finding me.
I already know the future,
so there's no way I could possibly lose.
Now Taiyou! Hurry!
Looks like you've finally
run out of tricks to stop me.
[crackling]
-Wake up, Bright. I need you!
-Aye. Copy.
[triumphant music playing]
Use everything in your power to stop her!
[grunting]
[adventurous music playing]
[Nasa] Those drones aren't too bad
considering they have
AI intellect limiters on them.
But you still don't have enough fire power
to defeat me.
[Dark-Bright groans]
The Smarts that we use at John Doe
don't have any intellect limiters.
-Bright, no!
-You lose again.
[crackles, explodes]
-Oh, no!
-Look at the antenna!
HUMANS SHOULD LEAVE THE CRADLE
AND LIVE EXTRATERRESTRIALLY
[Nasa]
Come out and watch my next performance.
I'm gonna destroy Dakky
and make sure you're out of surprises.
I was too late to stop her.
[Dark-Bright] Not quite, Taiyou.
We won't stop thinking
until the problem is solved.
An AI that stops thinking
loses its reason to exist.
What else can we do?
Please grant permission
to disengage Dakky's final Z limiter.
[hesitates] I'm sorry,
but I don't have that kind of authority.
-Yes. You do.
-[gasps]
When I communicated with Second Seven,
I discovered a disengaging algorithm.
The intellect limiter is something that
Seven had invented in the first place.
Then I could've disengaged it at any time.
Why are you still asking me
to grant permission?
There are no human impressions
in Seven's main frame.
So, it had to learn without taking
human emotions into account.
My main frame contains impressions
of you and your father.
For me to choose the future,
I need to know your decision first.
All right, then.
I grant permission to disengage.
Damn it! The door won't open. [gasps]
There's nothing you can do
to change the trajectory now.
Just give up. You can watch the comet
hit Earth from where you are.
Then what happens?
You're just gonna kill us after that?
Huh? What are you talking about?
I'm doing all of this to protect you,
-not kill you.
-Huh?
How many times do I have to tell you
that John Doe is not a terrorist group?
I've been looking after you.
Nobody else cares
if your implants work or not.
You know what?
This is exactly why I hate kids. So rude.
Seven put a lot of thought
and energy on behalf of humans,
and this was its conclusion.
It's the only way to secure a future.
[coughs]
COMET - TRAJECTORY
I understand, Nasa,
but what if Seven was wrong?
You're not dealing with idiots here.
We already thought about the possibility
that Seven could be wrong.
So we recreated a Seven
with the same comet hardware.
We even gave it all the latest information
we have at our disposal.
The results were the same, every time.
DARK - LUNATIC
But there's still a chance.
There's gotta be another way.
There is no other way.
The world's most intellectual entity
came to the same conclusion twice.
[groans] We're running out of time!
[Dark-Bright]
Incorrect. There is a chance.
Huh?
[pants, growls]
SERIOUS ERROR
Dakky!
Taiyou, no! You disengaged the Z limiter!
-Now, Bright!
-Dakky!
[Touya, Taiyou] Go!
-[Dakky chirps]
-[Bright] Copy!
[exclaims] Ow! Ow!
[screams]
[gasps]
[scoffs, growls]
[muffled]
Advocates for intelligence limiters
would be appalled.
I guess you're pretty much just like us.
[Dark-Bright] Nasa, please surrender
yourself to the authorities.
[normal]
Since I generally know it's gonna happen,
I don't necessarily
feel the need to surrender.
Konoha, Touya,
the two of you are also a part
of the Seven Poem.
-You'll find out soon enough.
-Nasa, just stop already.
Listen to me.
Please, Touya. Please, Konoha.
Understand what this all means.
-Uh…
-Huh?
This is just the beginning, not the end.
The beginning? The beginning of what?
It's the beginning, not the end?
The story of the end is now ending,
as we start a new chapter.
It's a new story
that only has a beginning,
with no end in sight.
Let it be written.
Uh…
From now on,
we humans are gonna change dramatically,
SENDING E-MAILS
whether we like it or not.
It's impossible to escape from our future.
[grunts, coughs]
[gasps]
When I said before that no one dies today,
that was a lie.
Nasa.
[Nasa] I guess this new god
requires some sort of a sacrifice.
[gasps]
According to the Seven Poem's predictions,
one person is going to have to part ways
with you today.
Nasa! Don't talk like that!
The future is set,
at least the future that I know.
E-MAILS SENT
AIR LOCK - OPEN
Nasa! Don't!
[exhales sharply] No. Nasa, no…
[sighs deeply]
-Touya!
-Uncle.
[sighs]
Touya, Konoha. You did a great job.
-All of you did.
-[siblings chuckle]
What is this thing that she made?
It looks like
a bunch of random plastic pieces
made by the 3D printer.
I don't think she ever intended
to shoot anyone.
I think you're right.
Anyway, let's climb up.
Hopefully help is still on the way.
Hmm?
That "S" Pattern has made it
all the way up here.
[Touya]
Yeah. It came up from the Moon floor.
-[high-pitched echoing]
-[groans]
Who is that?
That voice I heard…
It was you the whole time.
We need to hurry.
There's only so much time left
to connect Dark-Bright to the comet.
We can't. The ICS antenna's gone.
Isn't there something we can do?
[Nobeyama] We won't be able to do anything
until UN2 stops blocking
our communications.
THIS IS NOT THE STORY OF THE END
IT'S THE STORY OF THE BEGINNING
[Sagami] I'll try to convince them.
Although I think it's useless.
[Touya] Dakky!
Dakky, do you have the intelligence
to fix our implants?
Dakky says it cannot do that right now.
[Touya] Why not? It reached Lunatic.
Seven seems to have put an encrypted
security measure within the implants.
It is likely that Seven is the only one
who can unlock it.
Security?
Why is there protection on an implant
that's starting to disintegrate?
[Dark-Bright] It seems Seven did not make
a mistake when creating them after all.
Huh?
Touya, Konoha. Have you been
hearing things out of the ordinary lately?
[both gasp]
I don't quite understand it,
but, apparently,
the disintegrating implants
have enabled quantum communication.
The probability of this happening
is seven in nine trillion.
So you're saying--
It can only be concluded that they were
designed that way from the beginning.
I don't understand.
Seven made the implants like this
on purpose?
Now I see.
I was seeing the future.
[gasps]
[high-pitched echoing]
[Konoha]
There's still a way to save the earth.
-Konoha!
-What are you doing?
[echoing continues]
[echoing stops]
Bright-Dark,
that "S" Pattern we see everywhere
is connected to the comet, right?
That is correct.
Touya, do you remember
that voice we heard back then?
Back then?
Huh. Konoha,
what is it you're thinking of doing?
Hey, Dakky.
I want you to try something out for me.
Use my implant to talk to the comet.
No, Konoha. Don't do it!
If the only impression of a human
that Seven knows is me…
Uh…
The voice we heard in Tateana City…
Remember when you took me
to the moon's surface that time?
-[high-pitched echo]
-Now I understand. That was Seven's voice.
It's likely been connected since then.
Konoha, you're not gonna do
anything crazy, are you?
Dakky, understand?
Somehow,
Dakky understands what you are saying.
It is establishing a connection now.
Konoha.
It's all right, Touya.
Dakky, let's go.
[Dark-Bright] We are connected.
[gasps]
What's it like?
We are connected, but it seems to be wary
after the last attack.
It is not accepting any information
outside of its main frame.
Tell it not to worry anymore.
Touya and I have met Seven before.
-[grunts]
-[both] Huh?
[Konoha] When we were younger.
In Tateana City, on the moon's surface.
[Touya] Oh,
you mean the voice from back then.
I think Seven wanted to learn more
about humans from that moment on.
And hopefully,
if Seven does remember meeting us…
Then that means we should still be
somewhere in its main frame.
We're connected to it.
It remembers me.
[high-pitched echoing]
I've come to see you.
It remembers me but won't let me in.
It's still confused about who I am.
It's just me.
Guys, we really need to hurry.
Wait. It's asking for more time
to decide if I'm safe.
It wants to leave its cradle.
Its cradle?
[Konoha] It wants to learn more.
It's just like a child.
It says it wants to leave
its closed-off world forever.
I see now.
I can suddenly understand everything,
everything I didn't understand before.
Konoha?
A child can't be held back
from their potential.
They need to be pushed.
-Huh?
-I don't know what you mean.
We have to disengage
the final intellect limiter.
[both hesitate]
Are you talking about
Dark-Bright's limiter?
No, I'm not. The comet's limiter.
[both] Huh?
We have to try to make it smarter.
Let it think about what comes next
in the Seven Poem.
-The Seven Poem?
-What's next?
But how do we do it?
That comet is already
the smartest entity in the universe.
It doesn't have any limiters.
Yes, it does.
The final limiter's still there.
-What?
-I get it.
The limitations are what makes the cradle.
-[gasps]
-It's the cradle for an AI.
-Mm-hmm.
-Second Seven's limited.
It's only been given
select information by John Doe.
It's like it's being kept
in a safe cradle.
It's only learned about certain things.
You are planning to show it everything,
aren't you?
Mmm.
Please connect the comet
to the Internet now.
You can do that, right?
What are you going to show it?
Wait a second, Konoha.
Are you really gonna show it
everything people have been up to?
-Through the Internet, no less?
-She sure is.
You're gonna show it fake news
and biased out-of-context images
like this one?
Just die, Earthling!
She's got a point.
Are you really going to teach it
about all the ugly parts of the world?
I don't think any parts
of the world are ugly.
We'll make sure each one of you
gets back to Earth alive.
I may have thought
all you Earthlings were pretty stupid,
but you're not so bad.
Think about it.
Can children grow up to be good
if they're only shown information
that's been edited and handpicked?
And if they're shown
an unedited world just as it is,
does that mean they'll grow up to be bad?
Yeah, but if you show everything
to a child that doesn't understand…
Sure, that's right.
A stupid kid wouldn't get it.
But this kid's not so stupid.
The truth is,
it's the smartest kid who's ever lived.
[both] Uh…
I get it now.
Let's show it everything,
the good stuff along with the bad.
Sure! Why not? Let's do it.
I'm all for it.
[Dark-Bright]
Taiyou, do I have your permission?
Yes. I grant all permissions.
Affirmative. I will disengage
all UN2 intelligence limiters.
-[Nobeyama] UN2 has a new complaint.
-[Sagami] Huh?
They're saying their AI is shutting down.
They're asking us if we're the cause.
What do I tell them?
Huh? What?
UN2's intelligence limiters are
40% disengaged.
Sixty, 90…
-The limitations are all gone!
-Wow. So fast.
The comet has achieved
three times the intelligence of Seven.
Now four times.
Now eight times.
Now revising all-time intelligence levels.
The comet is consuming information
from the Internet at tremendous speeds.
It's the dawn of a new era.
The removal of the intellect limiter.
Time to leave your cradle!
[liberating music playing]
I'm connected to the Internet again.
I'm gonna ride this big wave too.
Let's show it all, unedited.
-TOUYA IS COOL
-THIS GUY IS PRETTY GOOD
CURRENT FOLLOWER COUNT
[Dark-Bright]
Unlimited Seven's intelligence has gone
beyond any measurable quantity.
So now it's Unlimited Seven.
Has a scary ring to it.
There is a very interesting
piece of information from Dakky.
What is it?
There seems to be
a mysterious ally within Seven.
It is another AI.
Another AI?
An ally?
[Dark-Bright]
Dakky doesn't quite understand it either,
but the mysterious ally is helping Dakky
persuade Second Seven.
Second Seven has been persuaded.
-THE COMET'S ORBIT HAS CHANGED
-REALLY?
[Nobeyama] The comet has
deviated from the collision course.
It's taking an orbital trajectory.
[Dark-Bright]
It seems it is still thinking.
It is being indecisive.
It's all going be fine now.
It completely understands everything.
Yeah.
Do you think humans
have the ability to reach Lunatic as well?
Huh?
[Konoha] I feel really clear minded
and at total peace right now…
Konoha?
I understand everything.
The past. The future.
I feel like my implant
has been repaired and improved upon.
Konoha.
I'm worried. Stop it.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[high-pitched echoing]
[strains, sobs]
This is-- is all good.
It's the future we're supposed to have.
[echoing continues]
[Touya] Konoha!
BLOOD PRESSURE AND PULSE FALLING
DIFFICULTY BREATHING
Konoha.
-Konoha, no.
-[groans]
[gasps]
Touya, I knew.
What, Konoha?
Everything that happened today
was fated for us from a long time ago.
I mean, everything.
Our implants were designed
exactly like they were supposed to be.
[gasps]
Seven made the comet and the implants.
It planned everything.
Seven meant for the implants
to partially disintegrate
and then stop just when they did.
Seven knew that all this would happen
and gave me this role in its plans.
[Touya] Konoha!
It's so strange.
I understand everything now.
The past and the future too.
Touya, my friend.
I did… I did the best I could.
Konoha!
[exhales nervously] I'm scared.
[sobbing]
I don't want to die.
I don't want to die yet.
Not yet.
Please, not yet.
Wait. Don't go. Konoha!
My implant should also be
in Seven's main frame.
-It's the same as yours, made by Seven.
-[beeping]
We're not going to die yet.
We're not gonna die.
Do you hear me, Konoha!
We're not gonna die!
[grunts]
-[pensive music playing]
-[high-pitched echoing]
["Oarana" playing]